Brother, I didn't expect you to be so vicious
Not vicious
How can you sit still?
This is what the father emperor said to take it down
Little Artemisia annua
Manage and cure malignant roses
And it hasn't been cooked yet.
It only works if there is no decoction.
If you cook it, it will destroy its effectiveness
Remember not to make mistakes in your next life
The man dragged down and died in battle
Father, you are finally healed
I'm so happy
Happy is disappointed?
Sorry.
I have delayed your supervision of the country
Please learn from the father
and
This is all for the sake of greater safety
Blame the imperial doctor
They said you can't live, that's why I'm like this
Please forgive me, Father